Link to list of other Aptos Explorers from Aptos Explorer page (#7291)
aptos-labs/aptos-core: developer-docs-site/docs/guides/use-aptos-explorer.md

# Use the Aptos Explorer

> The [Aptos Explorer](https://explorer.aptoslabs.com/) lets you delve into the activity on the Aptos blockchain in great detail, seeing transactions, validators, and account information. With the Aptos Explorer, you may ensure the work you do in the [Aptos Petra Wallet](install-petra-wallet.md) and elsewhere on the blockchain is accurately reflected in Aptos. Note you have [several explorers in the Aptos ecosystem](https://github.com/aptos-foundation/ecosystem-projects#explorers) to choose from.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Aptos Explorer](https://explorer.aptoslabs.com/) lets you delve into the activity on the Aptos blockchain in great detail, seeing transactions, validators, and account information. With the Aptos Explorer, you may ensure the work you do in the [Aptos Petra Wallet](install-petra-wallet.md) and elsewhere on the blockchain is accurately reflected in Aptos. Note, the Aptos ecosystem has [several other explorers](https://github.com/aptos-foundation/ecosystem-projects#explorers) to choose from.
```
